Add tip about `az sql db list-editions` in resource `azurerm_mssql_database` (#29332)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_database.html.markdown

* `short_term_retention_policy` - (Optional) A `short_term_retention_policy` block as defined below.

> * `sku_name` - (Optional) Specifies the name of the SKU used by the database. For example, `GP_S_Gen5_2`,`HS_Gen4_1`,`BC_Gen5_2`, `ElasticPool`, `Basic`,`S0`, `P2` ,`DW100c`, `DS100`. Changing this from the HyperScale service tier to another service tier will create a new resource. Use `az sql db list-editions -l <location> -o table` too see different SKU names, their capacity and available SKUs in your region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sku_name` - (Optional) Specifies the name of the SKU used by the database. For example, `GP_S_Gen5_2`,`HS_Gen4_1`,`BC_Gen5_2`, `ElasticPool`, `Basic`,`S0`, `P2` ,`DW100c`, `DS100`. Changing this from the HyperScale service tier to another service tier will create a new resource.

-> **Note:**  A full list of supported SKU names by region can be retrieved using the Azure CLI: `az sql db list-editions -l <region> -o table`

```
